Tooltip: Add Getting Started (#7831)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Tooltip/02 Getting Started with Tooltip/05 Create and Configure Tooltip.md

---

##### jQuery

> [Add DevExtreme to your jQuery application](/concepts/58%20jQuery%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20jQuery%20Application/00%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20jQuery%20Application.md '/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/') and use the code below to create a Tooltip. To display the component, specify a [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) and define the [showEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/showEvent/) or [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) properties.

Reviewer: I assume I need to specify one property - `showEvent` or `visible`, but not both. So I would use singular - "property" - at the end of this sentence. 

```suggestion
[Add DevExtreme to your jQuery application](/concepts/58%20jQuery%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20jQuery%20Application/00%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20jQuery%20Application.md '/Documentation/Guide/jQuery_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_jQuery_Application/') and use the code below to create a Tooltip. To display the component, specify a [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) and define the [showEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/showEvent/) or [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property.
```

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $('#tooltip').dxTooltip({
            target: '#target',
            showEvent: 'mouseenter',
        });
    });

    <!-- tab: index.html -->
    <html>
        <head>
            <!-- ... -->
            <script type="text/javascript" src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.5.1.min.js"></script>
            <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn3.devexpress.com/jslib/minor_25_1/css/dx.light.css">
            <script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn3.devexpress.com/jslib/minor_25_1/js/dx.all.js"></script>
            <script type="text/javascript" src="index.js"></script>
        </head>
        <body class="dx-viewport">
            <div id="tooltip"></div>
        </body>
    </html>

##### Angular

> [Add DevExtreme to your Angular application](/concepts/40%20Angular%20Components/10%20Getting%20Started/03%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20an%20Angular%20CLI%20Application '/Documentation/Guide/Angular_Components/Getting_Started/Add_DevExtreme_to_an_Angular_CLI_Application/') and use the code below to create a Tooltip. To display the component, specify a [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) and define the [showEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/showEvent/) or [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Add DevExtreme to your Angular application](/concepts/40%20Angular%20Components/10%20Getting%20Started/03%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20an%20Angular%20CLI%20Application '/Documentation/Guide/Angular_Components/Getting_Started/Add_DevExtreme_to_an_Angular_CLI_Application/') and use the code below to create a Tooltip. To display the component, specify a [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) and define the [showEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/showEvent/) or [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property.
```

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-tooltip
      target="#target"
      showEvent="mouseenter"
    ></dx-tooltip>

    <!-- tab: app.module.ts -->
    import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
    import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
    import { DxTooltipModule } from 'devextreme-angular/ui/tooltip';
    import { AppRoutingModule } from './app-routing.module';
    import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

    @NgModule({
        declarations: [
            AppComponent
        ],
        imports: [
            BrowserModule,
            AppRoutingModule,
            DxTooltipModule,
        ],
        providers: [],
        bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

> [Add DevExtreme to your Vue application](/concepts/55%20Vue%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20Vue%20Application/00%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20Vue%20Application.md '/Documentation/Guide/Vue_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_Vue_Application/') and use the code below to create a Tooltip. To display the component, specify a [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) and define the [showEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/showEvent/) or [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Add DevExtreme to your Vue application](/concepts/55%20Vue%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20Vue%20Application/00%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20Vue%20Application.md '/Documentation/Guide/Vue_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_Vue_Application/') and use the code below to create a Tooltip. To display the component, specify a [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) and define the [showEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/showEvent/) or [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property.
```

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <script setup lang="ts">
    import { DxTooltip } from 'devextreme-vue/tooltip';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.fluent.blue.light.css';

    </script>
    <template>
        <DxTooltip
            target="#target"
            show-event="mouseenter"
        />
    </template>

##### React

> [Add DevExtreme to your React application](/concepts/50%20React%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20React%20Application/00%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20React%20Application.md '/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_React_Application/') and use the code below to create a Tooltip. To display the component, specify a [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) and define the [showEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/showEvent/) or [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Add DevExtreme to your React application](/concepts/50%20React%20Components/05%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20React%20Application/00%20Add%20DevExtreme%20to%20a%20React%20Application.md '/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Add_DevExtreme_to_a_React_Application/') and use the code below to create a Tooltip. To display the component, specify a [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#target) and define the [showEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/showEvent/) or [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/Configuration/#visible) property.
```

    <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.fluent.blue.light.css';
    import { Tooltip } from 'devextreme-react/tooltip';

    function App(): JSX.Element {
        return (
            <Tooltip
                target="#target"
                showEvent="mouseenter"
            />
        );
    }

---

> This example creates three [Button](/) components and assigns unique Tooltips to each. Button ID attributes are specified as Tooltip targets. Additionally, this example configures the Tooltip [hideEvent](/) property:

Reviewer: One thing here is the word "unique". I would probably just say "different". "Unique" is something that I would reserve for record IDs in a database, or for GUIDs used somewhere. It's not that important that a tooltip is unique. I can have a couple of tooltips with the same text assigned to different controls. 

And then I wanted to change the number of nouns (singular/plural). The sentence mentions "buttons" (plural), and "tooltips" (plural), but "each" implies a singular noun. So I can say "and assigns a Tooltip to each", or "and assigns tooltips to them".

```suggestion
This example creates three [Button](/) components and assigns Tooltips to them. Button ID attributes are specified as Tooltip targets. Additionally, this example configures the [hideEvent](/) property for all Tooltips:
```
